{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1138\cocoasubrtf230
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 LucidaGrande;\f2\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue239;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{circle\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid2\'01\uc0\u9702 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li1440\lin1440 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww38200\viewh18380\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280

\f0\b\fs36 \cf0 Facebook hiring sample test\
\pard\pardeftab720
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.interviewstreet.com/recruit/test/view/4e14032d4e529/?hash=1c383cd30b7c298ab50293adfecb7b18"}}{\fldrslt 
\b0\fs24 \cf2 \ul \ulc2 Back to Question List}}
\b0\fs24 \
Time Remaining: 00:30:19\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sa240
\ls1\ilvl0
\fs36 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}\uc0\u8232 There are 
\b K
\b0  pegs. Each peg can hold discs in decreasing order of radius when looked from bottom to top of the peg. There are 
\b N
\b0  discs which have radius 1 to 
\b N
\b0 ; Given the initial configuration of the pegs and the final configuration of the pegs, output the moves required to transform from the initial to final configuration. You are required to do the transformations in minimal number of moves.\
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440
\ls1\ilvl1\cf0 {\listtext	
\f1 \uc0\u9702 
\f0 	}A move consists of picking the topmost disc of any one of the pegs and placing it on top of any other peg.\
{\listtext	
\f1 \uc0\u9702 
\f0 	}At any point of time, the decreasing radius property of all the pegs must be maintained.\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sa240
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}\uc0\u8232 Constraints:\u8232 1<= 
\b N
\b0 <=8\uc0\u8232 3<= 
\b K
\b0 <=5\uc0\u8232 \u8232 \u8232 Input Format:\u8232 
\b N
\b0  
\b K
\b0 \uc0\u8232 2nd line contains 
\b N
\b0  integers.\uc0\u8232 Each integer is in the range 1 to 
\b K 
\b0 where\'a0the 
\b i
\b0 -th integer denotes the peg to which disc of radius 
\b i
\b0  is present in the initial configuration.\uc0\u8232 3rd line denotes the final configuration in a format similar to the initial configuration.\u8232 \u8232 Output Format:\u8232 The first line contains 
\b M
\b0  - The minimal number of moves required to complete the transformation. \uc0\u8232 The following 
\b M
\b0  lines describe a move, by a peg number to pick from and a peg number to place on.\uc0\u8232 If there are more than one solutions, it's sufficient to output any one of them. You can assume, there is always a solution with less than 7 moves and the initial configuration will not be same as the final one.\u8232 \u8232 Sample Input #00:\u8232 
\f2  \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}2 3\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 1\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 2\
{\listtext	\'95	}\uc0\u8232 
\f0 Sample Output #00:\uc0\u8232 
\f2  \
{\listtext	\'95	}3\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 3\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 2\
{\listtext	\'95	}3 2\
{\listtext	\'95	}\uc0\u8232 
\f0 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 Sample Input #01:\u8232 
\f2 6 4\
{\listtext	\'95	}4 2 4 3 1 1\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 1 1 1 1 1\
{\listtext	\'95	}\uc0\u8232 
\f0 Sample Output #01:\uc0\u8232 
\f2 5\
{\listtext	\'95	}3 1\
{\listtext	\'95	}4 3\
{\listtext	\'95	}4 1\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 1\
{\listtext	\'95	}3 1\
{\listtext	\'95	}\uc0\u8232 
\f0 NOTE: You need to write the full code taking all inputs are from 
\b stdin
\b0  and outputs to 
\b stdout
\b0  \uc0\u8232 If you are using "Java", the classname is "
\b Solution
\b0 "
\fs24 \uc0\u8232 \
}